Okay.
So in this lesson, we're going to install a super helpful voice code extension that's going to enable
IntelliSense for our tailwind success classes in voice code.
What that basically means is we're going to be able to see all of the available tailwind styles in line
in our code editor, which of course makes it a lot easier because we don't always have to reference
the Tailwind website.
So let's go ahead and head to our extensions panel.
That's going to be this collection of cubes here on the left hand side.
And the extension that I want to search for is just tailwind.
And this is going to be the very top result of Tailwind sees us IntelliSense from Tailwind Labs.
You can see it has more than a million downloads.
So go ahead and install that extension.
And afterwards I'm going to close this and then I'm going to reopen the app dot view component from
the previous lesson.
So in source components, actually at the top level of source, we're going to have app view and let
me show you how this is going to work.
I'm going to remove my MTA class here and I'm just going to begin by typing something like MTA.
And if the extension doesn't automatically work, you can also try holding control and pressing space.
And that's going to bring up this intelligence.
And this is actually what tailwind suggests the extension gives to us.
Sometimes this box will pop up automatically.
Sometimes you have to trigger it using the control key and spacebar.
It's just a matter of yes code kind of registering it.
But as you can see here, the benefit here is we're going to see all of our empty classes.
And even better than that, on the right hand side in the box, we're going to see the exact CSS properties
that they attacked.
So, for example, if I move down through these empty classes, we're going to see that empty eight,
which is the one that we originally had, is setting a as property of margin top two to RAM, which
with a font size of 16 pixels of the default, as you can see on the right hand side is equal to 32
pixels.
So empty eight is going to add 32 pixels of margin on the top.
Similarly, I can simply start typing a word like text and then try and control space and we're going
to see all of these available tailwind utility classes.
Right.
And again, on the right hand side, we're going to see the properties, the attach.
So for example, text center, which we have on the right hand side, is going to add text.
A line is set to center.
Then as I move down to all of these, we're going to see some of the available size related ones.
So text access, extra small, small base, large Excel.
And then again, we're going to see all those styles in the right hand side.
We previously had six excel here.
We can see that that adds a font size that is equal to 60 pixels.
Perfect.
So I can simply press enter and locked into place.
It works the exact same way that the IntelliSense works for any other language here in this code.
All right, I'm going to save this.
And that's really all there is to cover in this lesson.
Make sure you install this extension because it's going to be super helpful with identifying styles
and helping you kind of have this documentation in line in your editor.
All right.
And with that, I will see you in the next lesson.